question:(Some on-air claims about Dominion Voting Systems were false, Fox News acknowledges in statement after deal is announced) : answer()
question:(Dominion still has pending lawsuits against election deniers such as Rudy Giuliani and Sidney Powell) : answer()
question:(Here are the 20 specific Fox broadcasts and tweets Dominion says were defamatory) : answer(Fox-Dominion trial delay 'is not unusual,' judge says  Fox News' defamation battle isn't stopping Trump's election lies)
question:(Judge in Fox News-Dominion defamation trial 'The parties have resolved their case') : answer(The judge just announced in court that a settlement has been reached in the historic defamation case between Fox News and Dominion Voting Systems.)
question:('Difficult to say with a straight face' Tapper reacts to Fox News' statement on settlement) : answer(A settlement has been reached in Dominion Voting Systems' defamation case against Fox News, the judge for the case announced. The network will pay more than 787 million to Dominion, a lawyer for the company said.)
question:(Millions in the US could face massive consequences unless McCarthy can navigate out of a debt trap he set for Biden) : answer(DeSantis goes to Washington, a place he once despised, looking for support to take on Trump  Opinion For the GOP to win, it must ditch Trump  Chris Christie mulling 2024 White House bid  Analysis The fire next time has begun burning in Tennessee)
question:(White homeowner accused of shooting a Black teen who rang his doorbell turns himself in to face criminal charges) : answer('A major part of Ralph died' Aunt of teen shot after ringing wrong doorbell speaks  20-year-old woman shot after friend turned into the wrong driveway in upstate New York, officials say)
question:(Newly released video shows scene of Jeremy Renner's snowplow accident) : answer(Newly released body camera footage shows firefighters and sheriff's deputies rushing to help actor Jeremy Renner after a near-fatal snowplow accident in January. The "Avengers" actor broke more than 30 bones and suffered other severe injuries. CNN's Chloe Melas has more.)
question:(Jake Gyllenhaal and Jamie Lee Curtis spent the Covid-19 lockdown together) : answer(It's sourdough bread and handstands for Jake Gyllenhaal and Jamie Lee Curtis.)
question:(Toddler crawls through White House fence, prompts Secret Service response) : answer(A tiny intruder infiltrated White House grounds Tuesday, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service.)
question:(Jamie Foxx remains hospitalized nearly a week after 'medical complication') : answer(Jamie Foxx remains hospitalized in Georgia nearly a week after his daughter revealed the actor experienced a "medical complication," a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN on Monday.)
question:(A 13-year-old dies after participating in a Benadryl TikTok 'challenge') : answer(A 13-year-old in Ohio has died after "he took a bunch of Benadryl," trying a dangerous TikTok challenge that's circulating online, according to a CNN affiliate and a GoFundMe account from his family.)
question:(See pizza delivery guy take out suspect fleeing police) : answer(Pizza guy delivers more than a pie, taking out a fleeing suspect. CNN's Jeanne Moos shows him putting his best foot forward.)
question:(Netflix is winding down its DVD business after 25 years) : answer(Netflix is officially winding down the business that helped make it a household name.)
question:(FTC chair Lina Khan warns AI could 'turbocharge' fraud and scams) : answer(Artificial intelligence tools such as ChatGPT could lead to a "turbocharging" of consumer harms including fraud and scams, and the US government has substantial authority to crack down on AI-driven consumer harms under existing law, members of the Federal Trade Commission said Tuesday.)
question:(Eating too much of these foods is driving the rise in type 2 diabetes, study says) : answer(Gobbling up too many refined wheat and rice products, along with eating too few whole grains, is fueling the growth of new cases of type 2 diabetes worldwide, according to a new study that models data through 2018.)
question:(ADHD medication abuse in schools is a 'wake-up call') : answer(At some middle and high schools in the United States, 1 in 4 teens report they've abused prescription stimulants for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during the year prior, a new study found.)
question:(Apple CEO was presented with an original Macintosh. See his reaction) : answer(CEO Tim Cook personally welcomed customers to the new Apple store in Mumbai as the tech company opens its first retail stores in India. CNN's Vedika Sud reports.)
question:(Democrats bash Justice Clarence Thomas but their plan to investigate ethics allegations is unclear) : answer(Senate Democrats railed against Justice Clarence Thomas on Tuesday amid reports that the Supreme Court conservative failed to disclose luxury travel, gifts and a real estate transaction involving a GOP megadonor, but their plan to investigate the conservative jurist remains unclear.)
question:(Russia is 'going backwards' in equipment and deploying post WWII-era tanks, according to Western officials) : answer(Jailed Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich denied detention appeal in Moscow  Putin visits Russian troops at military headquarters in Kherson  Watch moment WSJ journalist appears in Russian court)
question:(Two Russians claiming to be former Wagner commanders admit killing children and civilians in Ukraine) : answer(Two Russian men who claim to be former Wagner Group commanders have told a human rights activist that they killed children and civilians during their time in Ukraine.)
question:('My stomach is hurting from laughing' Hear panelist's reaction to DeSantis' threat to Disney) : answer(CNN panelists react to Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis floating the idea of building a competing theme park next to Disney World in Orlando.)
question:(GOP prepared to block vote to replace Feinstein on Senate Judiciary) : answer(Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that he hopes to replace Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein on the Senate Judiciary Committee with Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland and aims to set up a floor vote on the issue this afternoon, which Republicans are expected to block.)
question:(Oklahoma governor calls on officials to resign over recording of racist and threatening remarks) : answer()
question:(McCarthy slams Biden in handling of US debt) : answer(House Speaker Kevin McCarthy traveled to Wall Street on Monday to deliver a fresh warning that the House GOP majority will refuse to lift a cap on government borrowing unless Biden agrees to spending cuts that would effectively neutralize his domestic agenda.)
question:(US warns Russia not to touch American nuclear technology at Ukrainian nuclear plant) : answer(The US has sensitive nuclear technology at a nuclear power plant inside Ukraine and is warning Russia not to touch it, according to a letter the US Department of Energy sent to Russia's state-owned nuclear energy firm Rosatom last month.)
question:(Repeated gunshots fired on live TV as ex-lawmaker shot by assassins) : answer(Atiq Ahmed, a former lawmaker in India's parliament, convicted of kidnapping, was shot dead along with his brother while police were escorting them for a medical check-up in a slaying caught on live television on Saturday. CNN's Vedika Sud reports.)
question:(FDA clears the way for additional bivalent boosters for certain vulnerable individuals) : answer(The U.S. Food and Drug Administration amended the terms of its emergency use authorizations for the Pfizer and Moderna bivalent vaccines on Tuesday, allowing people ages 65 and older and certain people with weakened immunity to get additional doses before this fall's vaccination campaigns.)
question:(Maine authorities detained a person of interest after 4 people were found dead in a home and 3 others shot while driving) : answer(Maine authorities have detained a person of interest and continue to investigate after two shooting incidents that appear to be connected left at least four people dead and three others injured, state police said.)
question:(Southwest says flights resumed after delays caused by 'tech issues') : answer(Delta Air Lines reports record bookings for summer travel  Air France and Airbus acquitted in trial over 2009 plane crash)
question:(Damar Hamlin cleared to resume football activities after January cardiac arrest) : answer(Buffalo Bills safety Damar Hamlin, who has been cleared to resume football activities, said Tuesday his cardiac arrest during an NFL game in January was caused by commotio cordis.)
question:(Pilot makes history after landing on top of a 56-story hotel) : answer(Polish pilot Lukasz Czepiela made history after landing a plane on a helipad at the top of a 56-story hotel in Dubai.)
question:(Top US Navy admiral defends non-binary sailor amid some Republican criticism) : answer(The top US Navy admiral ardently defended a non-binary sailor on Tuesday amid some criticism from Republican lawmakers, saying he is "particularly proud of this sailor.")
question:(Fulton County DA says fake Trump electors are incriminating one another and wants lawyer disqualified) : answer(The Fulton County District Attorney's office said some fake electors for Donald Trump have implicated each other in potential criminal activity and is seeking to disqualify their lawyer, according to a new court filing.)
question:(High speed trains are racing across the world. But not in America) : answer(High speed trains have proved their worth across the world over the past 50 years.)
question:(Podcast One country musician is calling for other artists to oppose assault rifles) : answer()
question:(Here's what you need to know if you haven't filed your return yet  and even if you have) : answer(It's April 18, the official deadline to file your federal and state income tax returns for 2022. It is also, apparently, National Animal Crackers Day for those who celebrate.)
question:(Undocumented immigrants are paying their taxes today, too) : answer(It's a surprising fact that's often overlooked in the immigration debate.)
question:(Opinion Why millionaires like us want to pay more in taxes) : answer(Tuesday is Tax Day in America, one of the most stressful days of the year, when many taxpayers will finally end their procrastination, file their federal returns, and hope for a refund from the IRS. But for many of the nation's wealthiest, it's just another Tuesday.)
question:('World's longest' purpose-built cycling tunnel opens in Norway) : answer(There are many ways to explore the seven mountains that surround the picturesque UNESCO World Heritage city of Bergen on Norway's fjord-studded west coast. The newest, however, might well be record-breaking.)
question:(Artist rejects photo prize after AI-generated image wins award) : answer(A German artist has rejected an award from a prestigious international photography competition after revealing that his submission was generated by Artificial Intelligence AI.)
question:(These ships disappeared in Lake Superior a century ago. Watch as they're found again) : answer(The Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society has found two of three ships that sank in the same Lake Superior storm more than a century ago, locating one in 2021 and the other in 2022.)
question:(Erotic images of seniors show sex and intimacy in new light) : answer(What does intimacy look like for seniors? There's no end to sex scenes and other steamy content featuring the young and unwrinkled, but past a certain age, popular culture largely draws a blank  or treats sex as a punchline.)
question:(China's economy is off to a solid start, rising 4.5 in Q1 2023) : answer(China's economy is off to a solid start in 2023 following its emergence from three years of strict pandemic restrictions.)
question:(Even when wives make as much as husbands, they still do more at home) : answer(Four out of the five US metro areas with the lowest unemployment are in Florida. Here's why  Opinion The overlooked problem with raising the retirement age for Social Security)
question:(McDonald's is upgrading its burgers) : answer(McDonald's, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes designed to improve its signature burgers.)
question:(Google-parent stock drops on fears it could lose search market share to AI-powered rivals) : answer(Shares of Google-parent Alphabet fell more than 3 in early trading Monday after a report sparked concerns that its core search engine could lose market share to AI-powered rivals, including Microsoft's Bing.)
question:(Bidets save you money and reduce waste  we tested the best options out there) : answer()
question:(50 products to make your life easier and our planet cleaner) : answer()
question:(Mother's Day is around the corner. Here are 50 thoughtful gifts she'll love) : answer()
question:(A head-to-toe guide of how men should dress this spring, and where they should shop) : answer()
question:(42 of the most useful travel products you can buy on Amazon) : answer()
question:(The 7 best high-yield savings accounts of April 2023) : answer()
question:(Taxes are due tomorrow. Here's how to file for an extension) : answer()
question:(Composting is an easy way to reduce food waste. Here's how to do it) : answer()
question:(We stopped using aluminum foil for cooking and you should too. Here's what to use instead) : answer()
question:(The beloved Dyson Supersonic hair dryer is at its lowest price ever) : answer()
question:(Everything you need to know about Way Day 2023, Wayfair's biggest sale of the year) : answer()
question:(The 10 best Amazon deals to shop this week) : answer()
question:(Mifepristone saved my life) : answer(The ruling earlier this month by a Texas federal judge to suspend the US Food and Drug Administration's approval of a drug that is used frequently for medication abortions, is very personal for me.)
question:(The 2024 presidential alternative many voters will want) : answer()
question:(Why isn't the House Judiciary Committee looking into Thomas?) : answer(On Monday, the GOP-controlled House Judiciary Committee  chaired by Donald Trump ally Rep. Jim Jordan  is set to hold a field hearing in New York City called "Victims of Violent Crime in Manhattan." A statement bills the hearing as an examination of how, the Judiciary Committee says, Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg's policies have "led to an increase in violent crime and a dangerous community for New York City residents.")
question:(Top secrets come spilling out) : answer(In 1917, British analysts deciphered a coded message the German foreign minister sent to one of his country's diplomats vowing to begin "unrestricted submarine warfare" and seeking to win over Mexico with a promise to "reconquer the lost territory in Texas, New Mexico and Arizona" if the US entered the world war. When it became public, the Zimmerman Telegram caused a sensation, helping propel the US into the conflict against Germany.)
question:(How did Sudan go from casting off despotic rule to this?) : answer(Four years ago, almost to the day, the people of Sudan were celebrating a revolution after overthrowing longtime dictator Omar al-Bashir. Now the East African country faces the possibility of a complete collapse similar to the chaos we see today in Yemen or Libya.)
question:(Michelle Yeoh set to return in new 'Star Trek' movie) : answer(Live long and prosper, Michelle Yeoh.)
question:(Recap 'Succession' finds dark humor in the aftershocks) : answer(After the shock came the aftershocks, the power vacuum, and perhaps most significantly and impressively, the laughs, as "Succession" pivoted to face life after Logan Roy, in an episode that finally put the HBO show's title into full flower.)
question:('Yellowjackets' leans hard into '90s music nostalgia, and we're here for it) : answer(Of the many dark gifts Showtime's eerie hit series "Yellowjackets" serves up for us, the juiciest this season is by far the music.)
question:(Jeremy Renner revisits 'the amazing group of people' who helped him recover from his accident) : answer(Jeremy Renner is continuing his recovery after his devastating snowplow accident in January, and recognizing those who've helped him along the way.)
question:(Review 'Barry' takes a whack at its farewell season) : answer("Barry" has taken chances from the very beginning, which is certainly true of a fourth and final season that picks up where the third left off, with its hitman-turned-wannabe actor getting arrested. That paves the way for an even darker season that accentuates the show's ensemble aspect while leaning a little too heavily on blurring lines with flights of fancy.)
